interview-questions.md, before:

# ASSESSMENT 3: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is JSX? What is one syntax difference between HTML and JSX?

Your answer: JSX is JavaScript XML which allows you to use HTML-like code within JavaScript

Researched answer:JSX stands for JavaScript XML which is an extention in JavaScript that allows you to use HTML-like code withing JavaScript 

2. What is yarn? What file(s) are modified when you run the command yarn in your terminal?

Your answer: i honestly dont know 

Researched answer: Yarn is a package manager for javascript. when you run the yarn command, package.json, and yarn.lock are files that are modified. 

3. What is the difference between state values and props in React?

Your answer: id say state is data that is specific to a component and props is data that can be passed from one component to another.

Researched answer: state is used to manage internal component data and can be changed during the lifecycle of the component. props are used to pass data from a parent component to a child component.

4. STRETCH: Which is the difference between a div tag and a span tag?

Researched answer:

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

1. DOM: 

2. Object-oriented programming:

3. Ruby:

Commit message:

adds looking ahead terms in the interview questions file and submits attemps for code challenges

interview-questions.md, after:

# ASSESSMENT 3: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is JSX? What is one syntax difference between HTML and JSX?

Your answer: JSX is JavaScript XML which allows you to use HTML-like code within JavaScript

Researched answer:JSX stands for JavaScript XML which is an extention in JavaScript that allows you to use HTML-like code withing JavaScript 

2. What is yarn? What file(s) are modified when you run the command yarn in your terminal?

Your answer: i honestly dont know 

Researched answer: Yarn is a package manager for javascript. when you run the yarn command, package.json, and yarn.lock are files that are modified. 

3. What is the difference between state values and props in React?

Your answer: id say state is data that is specific to a component and props is data that can be passed from one component to another.

Researched answer: state is used to manage internal component data and can be changed during the lifecycle of the component. props are used to pass data from a parent component to a child component.

4. STRETCH: Which is the difference between a div tag and a span tag?

Researched answer:

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

1. DOM: Document Object Model, everything you see on screen

2. Object-oriented programming: a way of organizing code to have its own unique properties and behaviors and being able to reuse it. 

3. Ruby: an open source, object oriented programming language
